it doesn't take much to Spook the
markets if Janet Yellen passes wind look
out there goes the Dow Jones if we
actually have a sustained crisis there
will be no coming back from it for an
extended period central banks always
react too softly too slowly and too late
they are blindsided just like the
investors left holding on to the scraps
you came here for the truth today I want
to get into this particular IND
indicator I'll show you many others
let's begin with this Rises of a few
tenths in the unemployment rate have
typically been followed by recessions
look at this going back all the way to
1960 you can see that with the orange
line that would show you the increase
marginal increase in the unemployment
rate that is the fake rate that we see
always follows with a recession look at
this every single time following with
the recession to different degrees but
it's just showing you that indicator
every single time and look just
previously we had a small uptick in the
amount of unemployment that there was
and right away there was a recession and
that's very clear this is a very good
indicator to use to determine are we on
the precipice of a recession and there
are many indicators which are piling up
which show that but unemployment their
fake unemployment rate is very low it's
subdued at this time so we'll see what
happens with that keep your close eye on
this particular one I think it could be
interesting of course they could play
around with the unemployment rate but
ultimately the central Bankers the
central planners They Don't Really react
in time if this actually started to
happen they wouldn't be able to react in
time they never do so let's let see how
it all
unwinds this article here is talking
about Venezuela it's actually quite
heartbreaking to read through I'll just
cover a few points from it essentially
what we have is different stories
different people and they talk about the
hardships that they're encountering at
this time most people spending their
money to fend off hunger and that's how
dire the situation has
become it even talks about this lady
having to ration the amount of
toothpaste that she
uses she said I would always brush my
teeth morning and night can't do that
anymore so I have to do so just in the
morning and this is just one example it
goes through talking about the people
who can only eat a maximum of two times
a day that's it that's all the money
they can
afford uh to purchase on food such a
basic thing it talks about the L lineups
that people are experiencing hours and
hours to get in a
line and hoping that they'll get what
they need simple things like bread pasta
wheat just to make their ingredients for
their dishes so that they can
live so this is the difference where you
have some people in the world making so
much
money and yet you have other people who
are in such
poverty and there is that Chasm between
the rich and the poor it's evident in
places like the US for example where you
see the average home sale in Manhattan
at $2.9
million average apartment in Manhattan $
2.19 million at the same time you have
people that are in extreme poverty right
right right in front of those buildings
there will be homeless sitting there
begging as the people walk out I mean
this is what has happened anyway let's
let's move on
here when it comes to credit Americans
are fairing better than ever the FICO
scores have moved up to 700 now and
according to Drudge Report he's
claiming that this is all because
America is great again I see what he's
doing with that however we know the
truth and that is a lot of the bad
credit was wiped off of these credit
reports and as a result it has made
everybody's credit look better but
that's really not the case they just
change the way that it's reported this
is no different than the unemployment
rate is no different than the inflation
rate and every other rate they decide to
give us
look if they're going to play around
with the numbers it's not really
truthful how do we trust it so this is
another one of those
examples I just want to switch gears for
a moment what we see here is that every
so often there is a new monetary system
it's a fact this has happened all
throughout history they've gone on for
shorter periods of time some longer
periods of time and different countries
will have their own Empire that okay
that's the way it is that's the way it's
always been now we are moving into the
era of the supranational
entities and I do
believe that
after the dollar standard we will have
something along the lines of the imf's
SDR I don't know what it's going to be
exactly I don't know how it would be
implemented but I do believe that we
will face a crisis in the near future at
some point and they will come out and
they will bring to us a new monetary
system but you as an individual you're
still going to be using your dollars
your Euros whatever it might be but it
will be backed by this International
currency and that's the way that they'll
do it people don't know the difference
they don't care as long as they can
continue to watch TV they're fine as
long as I can watch my sports as long as
I can watch my television Kim
Kardashians
then I'm fine and that's usually what
happens the complacency will allow this
to
occur this I thought was pretty
interesting this is from 30 years ago
from The Economist magazine get ready
for a world
currency and that is something very
telling you know they choose the date
here 2018 they say that 30 years into
the future we're going to have some sort
of international
currency and they talk about a lot of
what I talk about unfortunately I never
read this prior it just came up with
this uh Economist magazine recently but
it's just interesting to note that 30
years ago they were talking about that
this is something that's being discussed
in the alternative media and even in the
mainstream media to some degree that
this could very well happen so
interesting to say the least I thought
I'd bring that to you home prices return
to the pre crash Peaks but not when
adjusted for inflation we're looking at
the US national home price index it's
pretty interesting to see the way it is
when you think about things in real
terms or in with the inflation adjusted
terms versus nominal so you saw the
housing prices rise subprime crisis
happens it takes a little dip downward
and if this was Canada or Australia New
Zealand you would see it come down just
like fading and then this sort of
directly straight line upward but anyway
so you see this dip that came down and
things have definitely risen since not
all areas you see some areas which have
declined continuously but we've seen the
prices come back up then you compare
that to the inflation adjusted home
prices and suddenly you get a different
picture because the prices still haven't
risen to their previous levels it's
interesting to look at things related in
a different way not just looking at for
example what is the price of gold today
and well I might say let's say $1,200
that's US dollar what about if I
measured in Canadian what about in
Japanese Yen what if I measure it in
Bitcoin or what if I measure it in wheat
you get a totally different picture
depending
on what you measure it in it's pretty
interesting this here is the S&P
department store index look if I was an
investor going to get into something I
wouldn't be department stores it
wouldn't be retail at all you are seeing
this dying and it will be a trend that
continues for the forceable future they
have to get into new avenues or they
have to shut down that's just the way is
it's a simple matter of fact online
retailers like Amazon are going to
destroy a lot of these traditional
retailers the stores are too large the
real estate is too
expensive and ultimately they don't have
the profit that they once did they're
being undercut they're being basically
eviscerated and then last but not least
I see this all the time something like
this occurs officials at an army
chemical and biological storage and
testing facility did not follow
protocols while tracking inventories of
sarin a dangerous nerve agent according
to the recent Inspector General report
oops a little bit of this extremely
dangerous chemical was released how many
times do we have to read about this I
just discussed it actually recently
where we had some of these bio weapons
that just happened to escape the
facility that they were in and they
ended up in a completely different area
where the Apes were and it just shows
you how
lack
the the safeguards or supposed
safeguards are now you're thinking for a
second how did it Escape how did this
happen well
think about how stupid this is some of
the packages were shipped by commercial
carriers such as FedEx when you have
something like sarin an extremely
dangerous
chemical and you ship it using FedEx I
mean I don't think they should be doing
work on these biological weapons at all
they're testing them they're creating
them and then they find a way to have
them release into the public oops
accidentally well at the very least if
you're going to do it anyway at least
have some sort of special means of
transporting it from one area to another
don't use FedEx they're not ready for
that kind of thing they're
delivering you know random boxes of
things all different types of things not
serin that's ridiculous I mean come on
you have to believe that that is done
intentionally that can't just be
stupidity it just I can't I can't
believe it I won't believe it people are
stupid
sometimes you can't be that stupid I'm
sorry if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
if you think I'm stupid give me a thumbs
down if you hate my face give me a
thumbs
down this is the only Channel by the way
where you actually get encouraged to
give a thumbs down
last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you will find
my books the money GPS and my new
release global economic collapse even
more informative the first book is more
about the foundational aspects it has
the four asset classes and how to profit
from them whereas the new book takes on
familiar Concepts but I get into earning
income reducing your monthly expenses
and what I call the money GPS strategy
you can flip through these books at
Amazon the links are in the description
destion so definitely check them out if
you're interested in some more free
information you can take a look at my
website the money gps.com take
care I just wanted to point out to those
who are still here if you are supporting
me through either
patreon
PayPal or Bitcoin
I really want to extend my thank you to
you I think about you guys all the
time I'm just so appreciative of
it and just want to say thank you I
think of that every day to say thank you
and I try to give as much thanks as
possible but please know that every day
I think of that and how the support that
I get and I just
it thank you that's all take care